0 - Index of Contents

	1 - Justifying the manual
	2 - Prologue
	3 - The main menu
	4 - How the game works
	5 - Folder for save file
	6 - For contacting developers...
	7 - If you want to join the project


1 - Justifying the manual

	So! A manual. What an unbelievable thing to have here, in the 21st century, where videogames, as a media, already have the capacity to show to the player through good railing how the game should be played! Why do we have a manual to this game then?

	BECAUSE this is the Alpha 0 version of the game. It's not a finished game, it's a baby game: it has all the essential features, but still a long way it has, to grow, change and become a proper adult game, ready to interact with players and give them something meaningful.

	In it's actual state, it's boring, maybe buggy (even if efforts were made to squash bugs, some may be still lurking around, unseen by the developers) and maybe also hazy in how stuff works.

	Thanks to that, this manual gives a basic explanation of the game and how it works. Enjoy!

	2 - Prologue

	Ondestão. A small Republic in the middle of the foreign Algum Lugarestão region, it faces a crisis of a kind and magnitude never seen before in a long long time. And it's not alone in it. Many countries are facing a similar crisis in Europe: the refugee crisis.

	Except that for Ondestão, the country of where the refugees are fleeing from is not Syria, but Guerrestão. Guerrestão is in the middle of civil war between multiple armies, and Ondestão is neutral regarding it.

	Being neutral means also being the country that's not spending funds to have an active army, or not being directly (indirectness can be discussed) responsible for the war atrocities. In other words, the perfect place in the refugees' minds to go to.

	The Minister of International Relations, already predicting the hardship he would face, presented his letter of leave, and scrambling to find someone ready (or at least willing to take) for the task, the government found YOU.

	Yes, don't look to the side, YOU - a student of Defense and International Relations (if you aren't one, let's pretend you are, yes? Thanks!) (if you don't buy this, pretend that someone prophetized which you would be the new Minister and the prophecy became true) - in a vacation in Ondestão, which became an internship.

	Now having to make the country ready to deal with the refugee crisis, you must answer a question: do you let the refugees enter in Ondestão? Or you block their only hope of escaping the war atrocities?

3 - The Main Menu

	So, the Main Menu. It has four buttons.

	Start Internship - start a new game.
	Load Internship - load a saved game.
	The Ones Responsible - shows a window with the developers' names and e-mails for contact.
	Go Home - closes the game.

4 - How the game works

	The game revolves around you having the responsability of dealing with refugees coming to Ondestão. Your mission is simply to NOT. DESTROY. THE. COUNTRY.
	How you are going to do it is up to yourself - fine, to us too, since we gave you the options in game to act.
	They are:
	
	Creation of Public Works: makes the government starts new public works, which creates new jobs, and that lowers the unemployment.
		Cost: 300.
	Creation of Edicts For Start-Ups: new help for start ups also lowers unemployment.
		Cost: 400.
	Investments in Public Security: lowers crime.
		Cost: 600.
	Get International Help: PERHAPS other countries will help you giving some funds?
		Gain: ???
	Create Campaign In Favour of Non-Refugee Immigrants: self-explanatory.
		Cost: 1000.
	Create Campaign In Favour of The Ondestão: it's a pro-Ondestão pride campaign, and the country ends less receptive of immigrants because of it.
		Cost: 600.
	Create Campaign Pro-Ondestao For The World: the fact is, how much the world will like the country depends of what Ondestão is in the first place.
		Cost: 1000.

	You can also invest in buying houses (for immigrants while they acclimate to the country), social expenses (to keep the houses), border officials (in fact, hiring them to block immigrants from entering Ondestão) and border expenses (to pay the officials).

	Try to do a good job about the refugee crisis in one year! :)

5 - Folder for save file

	The save file is stored in C:/Users/~user folder~/AppData/LocalLow/Refugee Waves/Refugee Waves.

6 - For contacting developers...

	So! You liked our game a lot, even being a baby game?
	Or you have some criticism for us, so we can make it a better game?
	Or you just disliked it and want to say why?

	No problem, here are our contacts:

	Brian Confessor: brian_confessor@poli.ufrj.br
	Cláuvin Erlan: clauvin_almeida@hotmail.com
	Verônica Sakane: vsakane@gmail.com

	This information can also be found in the button "The Ones Responsible" in the game's main menu.

7 - If you want to join the project

	This game is being created as an open source project. If you are interested to help somehow, nice!

	Here's the project's link: https://github.com/Clauvin/RefugeeWaves
